### ***optimised_ao***
A faster and more accurate Ambient Occlusion calculation on a single mesh.  This is vertex-based compound and as such you will get both better looking yet slower results as the vertex count increases.  Some settings are provided to assist in faking a good look on lower-resolution meshes.<br />

***
## Input
<span style="color:#90A3F4">***input_mesh***</span>
<br />Single mesh input.  The ambient occlusion will be calculated on this mesh, the vertex count is important.

<span style="color:#82D99F">***casting_sphere_radius***</span>
<br />As the AO is generated by raycasting from each point, this is the radius of the sphere that generates the ray positions for raycasting.

<span style="color:#62CFD9">***AO_resolution***</span>
<br />This is simply the number of points in the raycasting sphere.  As this increases, the process will get slower, but more information will be gathered, generating a better quality result.  

<span style="color:#82D99F">***AO_brightness***</span>
<br />Once the rays are cast from the sphere, they are checked for "hits".  If they hit nothing, a small amount of brightness is added to the vertex colour, this is how bright that it.

<span style="color:#E69963">***Infinite***</span>
<br />If checked, this will shoot out the rays to "infinity".  This is slower, but useful in some cases.

<span style="color:#82D99F">***max_raycast_distance***</span>
<br />When `Infinite` is **not** checked, this is the maximum distance the ray will travel before reporting it's result.  The results of this are dependent on the size of your object.

<span style="color:#82D99F">***min_raycast_distance***</span>
<br />The distance that ensures the ray doesn't just detect the point it was emitted from.

<span style="color:#E69963">***normalize_AO***</span>
<br />Scales the results of the compound to a 0-1 (black -> white) range.

<span style="color:#CCB699">***adjust_AO***</span>
<br />A curve that allows you to adjust the AO result.

<span style="color:#E69963">***normalize_output***</span>
<br />When this is checked, the output data is scaled to a 0-1 range.


<span style="color:#D9BE6C">***AO_property***</span>
<br />This is the output property carried on the object.  It defaults to `point_color` but is a `float` property, so you can set a custom property.

<span style="color:#E69963">***blur_result***</span>
<br />If this is checked, the resulting ao will be blurred (averaged).

<span style="color:#62CFD9">***blur_iterations***</span>
<br />if `blur_result` is checked, these are the number of iterations of the average blur.

***
## Output
<span style="color:#90A3F4">***mesh_with_AO***</span>
<br />Description.

